Document integration patterns for agents with sandboxes (#2679)
langchain-ai/docs: src/oss/deepagents/sandboxes.mdx

- **Reproducibility**: Consistent execution environments across teams
- **Flexibility**: Switch between cloud providers or use local VFS for development

## Integration patterns

There are two architecture patterns for integrating agents with sandboxes, based on where the agent runs.

**Agent in sandbox pattern**

The agent runs inside the sandbox and you communicate with it over the network. You build a Docker or VM image with your agent framework pre-installed, run it inside the sandbox, and connect from outside to send messages.

Benefits:

- Mirrors local development closely.
- Tight coupling between agent and environment.

Trade-offs:

- API keys must live inside the sandbox (security risk).
- Updates require rebuilding images.
- Requires infrastructure for communication (WebSocket or HTTP layer).

**Sandbox as tool pattern**

> The agent runs on your machine or server. When it needs to execute code, it calls a remote sandbox via the provider's API.

Author: Do you mean in an example or by replacing this text? 

```suggestion
The agent runs on your machine or server. When it needs to execute code, it calls sandbox tools (such as `execute`, `read_file`, or `write_file`) which invoke the provider's APIs to run operations in a remote sandbox.
```

                    "role": "user",
                    "content": "Create a hello world Python script and run it",
                }
            ]
        }
    )
    print(result["messages"][-1].content)
except Exception:
    # Optional: delete the sandbox proactively on an exception
    sandbox.stop()
    raise
```

:::

:::js

```typescript
import "dotenv/config";
import { DaytonaSandbox } from "@langchain/daytona";
import { createDeepAgent } from "deepagents";

// Can also do this with E2B, Runloop, Modal
const sandbox = await DaytonaSandbox.create();

const agent = createDeepAgent({
backend: sandbox,
systemPrompt:
    "You are a coding assistant with sandbox access. You can create and run code in the sandbox.",
});

try {
const result = await agent.invoke({
    messages: [
    {
        role: "user",
        content: "Create a hello world Python script and run it",
    },
    ],
});
const lastMessage = result.messages[result.messages.length - 1];
console.log(
    typeof lastMessage.content === "string"
    ? lastMessage.content
    : String(lastMessage.content),
);
} catch (err) {
// Optional: delete the sandbox proactively on an exception
await sandbox.close();
throw err;

> }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const agent = createDeepAgent({
  backend: sandbox,
  systemPrompt:
    "You are a coding assistant with sandbox access. You can create and run code in the sandbox.",
});

try {
  const result = await agent.invoke({
    messages: [
      {
        role: "user",
        content: "Create a hello world Python script and run it",
      },
    ],
  });
  const lastMessage = result.messages[result.messages.length - 1];
  console.log(
    typeof lastMessage.content === "string"
      ? lastMessage.content
      : String(lastMessage.content),
  );
} finally {
  // Optional: delete the sandbox proactively when the agent finishes
  await sandbox.close();
  throw err;
}
```
